so here we have the part on which we
usually sets the disc in
the soul or the knife so we will use
a head adapter that we fix everything
just like the record to love the
knife with the fangs of the disc so
that's your nut that you use to
fix your discs as the knife knives
so always hoist left no visa
left like that when we start the
machine it hangs
that divide jama
So here too there anything Rector
is positioned as the disk then
we're going to fix the movies we go flush on
the slots provided for this purpose so we
fold them in half and orchestrate them
so guys parties like that
back on the niche
it allows to have a less sharp angle here
which makes it look good even when
we miss canes where it avoids
the son has broken above the head is not it
put it like that instead of putting it in
wide across like that
which is sure the word cross like that
it can break will have the head as on
mobiles while the fact of them
put it like that it resists well
level there the ring to fix the thread
possibly to be confined to a machine
pretty powerful let's say from
40 cubic centimeters
we can work on two floors
there we will put the son one at
above each other
on each side so we will have two
wire floors which allows for this
called mulching, in other words
at 8 pm and jérôme royer the grass
two stories in a row for the big ones will be
120 m can floors since like that one
will have more power we will keep the
power to the machine but there for
to make grass we can attack on
two floors simply diners
this part there on the adapter so we
lives his left trifid life is without
too tight otherwise we will crush the wire there
was simply enough life these months there
so we're going to unscrew it to show if
please then my big darlings
so here is the adapter is positioned
with the fangs of the disc just
screw the part with the son just
from him his two am simply
without tools and without forcing kovy his left
is finished by everything without forcing